distant smoke over Gaza from Israeli
strikes up close the grief of a final
farewell families Embrace lifeless
bodies give one last kiss before laying
their children together to be buried the
bombardment of Gaza does not
stop Israeli Machinery was seen moving
into the territory including a bulldozer
and a tank seen here targeting a car
carrying
civilians
the tank is there in msum but no one
wants to believe it it's there and is
firing other people from the seaside
have seen it the tank has targeted a car
and a bus and a bulldozer was with the
tank heavy fighting reported in Northern
Gaza with Israel claiming progress
Palestinians saying defenses are holding
as the conflict worsens save the
children says the more than 3,000
children killed in Gaza so far exceeds
the annual total in in all conflict
zones around the world for the last 4
years those who survive often wake up to
find their parents are
gone This Girl's family was killed in an
Israeli attack overstretched Hospital
staff left to care for Orphans while
potential targets themselves Israel has
been bombing areas around Al's hospital
for days people there fear a strike on
the hospital itself is only a matter of
time
Israeli Targets on Monday included
warehouses of the red crescent society
as well as the Indonesian Hospital
people are suffering across Gaza homes
continuously pounded hospitals
continuously
flooded not with dead or wounded
Fighters most casualties are civilians
most of them children Zay basravi Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer